Impersonate your favourite animal
What was your first music album?
If you could learn to speak another language, what would it be?
What was the last book you read?
What is the strangest thing you have eaten?
What song makes you want to get up and dance?
What's your favourite meal?
If you were your own nation, what would you call it?
What would be the title of your autobiography?
What's your favourite dessert?
What were your favourite sweets as a child?
What emoji describes how you are feeling now?
What Olympic sport would you play?
What was your first job?
If you had to invent a new ice cream flavour, what would it be?
What TV show are you watching these days?
If you had a talk show who would be your star guest?
What interesting skill do you want to learn?
If you were famous what would you be famous for?
What was your favourite class in school?
Do you collect anything?
If you could live any historical figure's life, who would you choose?
What is one goal you'd like to accomplish during your lifetime?
If you could have an endless supply of any food, what would you get?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be?
What is the best gift anyone's ever given to you?
What is your favourite children's story?
Which Disney character's story does your life most resemble?
What book or video has changed the way you think?
Which movie has made you cry?
What is the biggest rule you have broken?
What was the first concert / gig you went to?
Describe the best holiday you've been on?
Who would play you in the movie of your life?
If you could create your own flavour of crisps, what would it be?
What's your biggest regret?
What have you learnt this week?
What's your greatest achievement?
Who's your role model?
What is guaranteed to distract you?
What do you know now that you wish you knew then?
Which chocolate describes you the most?
Would you rather be a witch/wizard or win the lottery?
What is your claim to fame?
Have you ever met a celebrity? Who?
What activity helps you relieve stress?
How long would you last in a zombie apocalypse?
If you had one magic power what would it be?
What is your favourite smell and why?
If you could travel through time, when would you go to?
What is your most prized possession?
What is your favourite sport or physical activity?
What are the best and worst purchases you've ever made?
If you could hang out with any celebrity for an afternoon, who would it be and why?